My main concern with the paper is its limited applicability to robotic manipulation tasks with a clear divide between states of interest vs others.
Overall, I do not feel the comparisons dramatically change the qualitative understanding the field has of the different optimizers and their tunability.
While the presentation is clear and the evaluation of the model is thorough, I am unsure of the significance of the proposed method.
That is, authors assumed that they have a degradation function F and all the inference process is just based on this known function.
Thus we may only apply the proposed model on a few tasks with exactly known F.
If the authors don't discuss a motivation then how will a reader know how to apply the tool?
- My biggest concern is that the technical contributions of the paper are not clear at all.
While, the paper is a plaisant read, I find difficult to access its importance and the applicability of the ideas presented beyond the analogy with the capacity computation. Perhaps other referee will have a clearer opinion.
Con: not clear to me how strong and wide the implications are, beyond the analogies and the reinterpretation
This very much limits the utility of the method.
- VAE, GAN: q is the generative model defined as a mapping of a standard multivariate normal distribution by a NN.
- sigmoid belief networks: q is a Bayesian network where each conditional distribution is a logistic regression model.
Hence, the effectiveness and advantage of the proposed methods are not clear.
I have no idea that what is the propose of defining a new evaluation method and how this new evaluation method helps in the further design of the MaxConfidence method.
I don’t think it is of any practical use to show that a new algorithm (such at DDGD) provide some defence compared to no defence.
(2) The method is not well motivated.
The model is not well motivated and the optimization algorithm is also not well described.
I like the area of research the authors are looking into and I think it's an important application. However, the paper doesn't answer key questions about both the application and the models:
One drawback is that it is highly specific to language models.
In addition, there is not much theoretical justification for it, it seems like a one-off trick.
The main drawback of the paper is that it seems to be more engineering-focused, and doesn’t provide much insight into semi-supervised learning.
The privacy definition employed in this work is problematic.
Why larger reconstruction error achieves stronger privacy protection? I could not find any formal relationship between reconstruction error and privacy.
(2) The paper does not do a great job of convincing the reader that the problem it is trying to solve is an important matter, or the proposed method is indeed effective in some applications.
3. Estimating entropies is a standard practice in statistics and machine learning, with an arsenal of estimators; the motivation of the submission is questionable.
As pointed out in the weakness section, many design choices are not well motivated, and the effects of those designs are not well studied.
In my opinion, due to how many researchers are and have been looking into improvements of language modeling, the authors may find it hard to break new ground in this direction.
However there are a few key weaknesses in my view, not least that the practical utility of these metrics is not obvious, since they require supervision in the target domain.
- The envisioned scenario (and hence utility) of these metrics is a bit unclear to me here.
There are also concerns about the motivations behind parts of the technique.
- (W6) Motivation for CFS: I still don't fully understand the need to understand the density of the representation (especially in the manner proposed in the paper). Why is this an important problem? Perhaps expanding on this would be helpful
Although the paper proposes an interesting framework I would argue that it is a “green apple” in the sense that authors need to motivate the approach better and expand the contribution beyond solving a particular instance.
- limited amount of new insight, which is limiting as new and better understanding of GANs and practical guidelines are arguably the main contribution of a work of this type
* I found it difficult to follow the theoretical motivation for performing the work.
