I enjoyed reading the submission, which is very clearly written, but due to the relatively limited value of the contributions, and excessive focus on the tunability metric which I do not feel is giustified, I slightly lean against acceptance here at ICLR. I do think, however, that it would make a great submission to a smaller venue or workshop.
Overall, I find the paper a promising contribution. But until the authors provide a more thorough experimental evaluation, I hesitate to recommend acceptance.
In its current state, I am not sure that it adds a lot to the manuscript.
It reads very much like a STOC theory paper, and a lot of the key ML details that would be relevant to audience at this conference seem to have been shoved under the rug in a way.
Overall, I think this paper is below the borderline of acceptance due to insufficient comparison with Sparsely-Gated MoE.
While I like the premise of the paper, I feel that it needs more work.
Overall, I quite liked the paper and think it is well-written, but I believe the authors need to highlight at least one practical advance introduced by the CW distance (in which case I will raise my score).
Ultimately this paper is interesting but falls well below the standards of exposition that I expect from a theory paper and doesn’t go very far at connecting the analysis back to the claimed motivation of investigating practical invariances. If the authors significantly improve the quality of the draft, I’ll be happy to revisit it and re-evaluate my score.
Overall, the paper requires significant improvement.
5. The paper is imprecise and unpolished and the presentation needs improvement.
However, I found that the contribution of this paper is fairly small.
The paper would gain in clarity
However, I think the relative novelty of the paper does not meet ICLR standards, and it’s better suited as a whitepaper attached to an open dataset release.
The paper has few really minor grammatical errors and typos. Please fix those before uploading the final draft.
I believe that this paper is thus not in its final form and could be largely improved.
A good paper overall, but the experiments were relatively weak (common for most ICLR submissions) and the novelty was somewhat limited.
The paper has an interesting potential but seems a bit limited in its present form.
In conclusion, I suggest a reject of this paper due to the lacks of comprehensive study and evaluation.
The paper is not very self contained.
